Clear up the Licensing requirements (#556)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/create-groups/groups-naming-policy.md

    
## Licensing requirements

> Using Azure AD naming policy for Office 365 groups requires that you possess but not necessarily assign an Azure Active Directory Premium P1 license or Azure AD Basic EDU license for each unique user (including guests) that is a member of one or more Office 365 groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Azure AD naming policy for Office 365 groups requires that you possess, but not necessarily assign, an Azure Active Directory Premium P1 license or Azure AD Basic EDU license for each unique user that is a member of one or more Office 365 groups. This includes guest users and is also required for the administrator who creates the Groups naming policy.
```

Author: Looks good to me, let's go for it.

> This is also required for the administrator that creates the Groups naming policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
